And what were the important teachings? What's called novel truth teachings?
The novel truth teachings are nothing but teachings of the cause and condition, and it is the
effect or the result.
Or in other words, the teachings of the intelligent owner, ordination, everything is dependent on
the cause and condition and the result.
There's nothing one single result comes without the cause and condition. That's what really makes
it meaningful.
That was the teachings.
When I was a kid, there was no reason for it to happen.
There was no reason for it to happen, but there was no reason for it to happen.
There was no reason for it to happen.
It is also dependent on its own cause.
It's not just that it happened.
One cause will do anything bad.
But it's completely dependent upon its own.
The result is dependent upon its own cause.
So in other words, the cause and the result are never going to be mixed up.
Or they're going to change or to let it change.
It's exactly going to happen as the cause is.
So as a result, for example, rice seed will bring rice.
Rice seed, seed of rice, will not bring the grain of the barley or the vanilla.
It just remains as excited as it is.
Even we're expecting, plant the rice and expecting the barley.
We like to have rice sambal according to Britain.
Sambal is very popular, but you can't have sambal from the rice.
In Italy, when we came up, we used to make rice sambal.